what i'm going to tell you sounds
wildly
on you have to listen to me because
it depends your life just
we have this conversation
not the first time what day is today
doomsday you just entered into
rows of recruits
even knew
and
the invasion fail and everyone you
send there die we lost everything
and
find me when you wake up
you know what happens is that
happening with you happening with me
do you have their ability
I need your help in what exactly to win
the war
we will be able to come every day i will
train
no matter what I do, everything depends on you
why it is so important what will happen to me
I'm not a soldier, of course you are not a weapon